# Škoda Works
company_skoda_works = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1859
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_arms_industry
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_automotive_industry
    }
}

# ČKD-Praha
company_ckd_praha = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1854
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_power_plant
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# Österreichische Lloyd
company_osterreichische_lloyd = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1833
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Österreichische Waffenfabrik-Gesellschaft
company_osterreichische_waffenfabrik_gesellschaft = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1850
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_artillery_foundries
        building_munition_plants
        building_explosives_factory
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# Austro-Daimler
company_austro_daimler = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1899
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_automotive_industry
    }
}

# Kaiserlich-königlich Staatsbahnen
company_kaiserlich_koniglich_staatsbahnen = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1810
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# Creditanstalt
company_creditanstalt = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1855
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Fegyver-és Gépgyár
company_fegyver_es_gepgyar = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1891
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
}

# Galizisch-Karpathische Petroleum Aktien-Gesellschaft
company_galizisch_karpathische_petroleum_aktien_gesellschaft = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1885
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_oil_rig
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
        building_power_plant
        building_railway
    }
}

# Ganz Művek
company_ganz_muvek = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1844
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_railway
        building_power_plant
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
}

# Gebrüder Thonet
company_gebruder_thonet = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1853
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_furniture_manufacturies
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_bentwood_furniture
    }
}

# Glasfabrik Ludwig Moser & Söhne
company_glasfabrik_ludwig_moser_and_sohne = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1857
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_glassworks
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_lead_mine
        building_logging_camp
    }
}

# MÁVAG
company_mavag = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1870
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_steel_mills
        building_iron_mine
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_coal_mine
        building_railway
    }
}

# Manfréd Weiss Steel & Metal Works
company_manfred_weiss_steel_and_metal_works = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1882
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        munition plants
        automotive industries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
    }
}

# Österreichische Waffenfabriksgesellschaft
company_osterreichische_waffenfabriksgesellschaft = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1869
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
    }
}

# Werndl & Co. Waffenfabrik und Sägemühle
company_werndl_and_co_waffenfabrik_und_sagemuhle = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1864
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_logging_camp
    }
}

# Air Liquide
company_air_liquide = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1902
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_oil_rig
    }
}

# Chantiers de l'Atlantique
company_chantiers_de_l_atlantique = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1862
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Citroën
company_citroen = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1919
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Compagnie des mines d'Anzin
company_compagnie_des_mines_d_anzin = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1757
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
        building_lead_mine
        building_sulfur_mine
    }
}

# Confédération générale des vignerons
company_confederation_generale_des_vignerons = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1882
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_vineyard_plantation
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_food_industry
    }
}

# Compagnie Générale Transatlantique
company_compagnie_generale_transatlantique = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1855
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits
company_compagnie_internationale_des_wagons_lits = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1872
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# Crédit Lyonnais
company_credit_lyonnais = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1863
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Dollfus-Mieg et Compagnie
company_dollfus_mieg_et_compagnie = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1746
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_textile_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
        building_dye_plantation
        building_cotton_plantation
        building_silk_plantation
    }
}

# Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée
company_forges_et_chantiers_de_la_mediterranee = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1853
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
        building_motor_industry
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
        building_coal_mine
    }
}

# L'Oréal
company_l_oreal = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1909
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_synthetics_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
}

# Maison Worth
company_maison_worth = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1858
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_textile_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_dye_plantation
        building_cotton_plantation
        building_silk_plantation
        building_arts_academy
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_haute_couture
    }
}

# Manufacture d'armes de Saint- tienne
company_manufacture_d_armes_de_saint_tienne = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1861
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_artillery_foundries
        building_munition_plants
        building_explosives_factory
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
}

# Messageries Maritimes
company_messageries_maritimes = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1851
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Michelin
company_michelin = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1889
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_rubber_plantation
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
}

# Peugeot
company_peugeot = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1810
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
}

# Renault
company_renault = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1899
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Saint-Gobain
company_saint_gobain = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1665
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_glassworks
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
        building_iron_mine
        building_steel_mills
        building_explosives_factory
    }
}

# Schneider & Cie
company_schneider_and_cie = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1836
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_arms_industry
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Société Générale
company_societe_generale = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1864
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Société Mokta El Hadid
company_societe_mokta_el_hadid = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1865
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
        building_sulfur_mine
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_lead_mine
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_meissen_porcelain
    }
}

# Suez Canal Company
company_suez_canal_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1858
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Aussedat Rey
company_aussedat_rey = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1785
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_paper_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Allgemeine Elektricitäts-Gesellschaft
company_allgemeine_elektricitats_gesellschaft = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1883
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_power_plant
        building_railway
    }
}

# AG Vulcan Stettin
company_ag_vulcan_stettin = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1851
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Allianz
company_allianz = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1890
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Badische Anilin-und Sodafabrik
company_badische_anilin_und_sodafabrik = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1865
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_synthetics_plants
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_sulfur_mine
        building_iron_mine
    }
}

# Bayer
company_bayer = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1863
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_synthetics_plants
        building_opium_plantation
    }
}

# Benz & Cie
company_benz_and_cie = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1883
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Blohm & Voss
company_blohm_and_voss = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1877
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# Bayerische Motoren Werke
company_bayerische_motoren_werke = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1916
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Carl Zeiss
company_carl_zeiss = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1846
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
}

# Daimler Motoren-Gesellschaft
company_daimler_motoren_gesellschaft = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1890
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Deutsche Bank
company_deutsche_bank = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1870
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Friedrich Krupp AG
company_friedrich_krupp_ag = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1811
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_military_shipyards
        building_iron_mine
        building_coal_mine
    }
}

# Hamburg-Amerikanische Packetfahrt-Actien-Gesellschaft
company_hamburg_amerikanische_packetfahrt_actien_gesellschaft = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1847
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Interessen-Gemeinschaft (IG) Farben
company_interessen_gemeinschaft_ig_farben = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1925
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_synthetics_plants
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_sulfur_mine
        building_iron_mine
        building_rubber_plantation
        building_dye_plantation
        building_opium_plantation
    }
}

# Königliche Porzellan-Manufaktur Meissen
company_konigliche_porzellan_manufaktur_meissen = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1710
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_glassworks
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_lead_mine
    }
}

# Mannesmann
company_mannesmann = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1890
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
        building_coal_mine
    }
}

# Mercedes-Benz
company_mercedes_benz = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1926
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Norddeutscher Lloyd
company_norddeutscher_lloyd = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1857
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Preußische Staatseisenbahnen
company_preuische_staatseisenbahnen = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1871
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Rheinmetall
company_rheinmetall = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1889
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_explosives_factory
        building_munition_plants
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_chemical_plants
        building_sulfur_mine
        building_lead_mine
    }
}

# Schichau-Werke
company_schichau_werke = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1837
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# Siemens & Halske
company_siemens_and_halske = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1847
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Thyssen
company_thyssen = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1891
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
        building_iron_mine
        building_railway
    }
}

# Zanders Feinpapiere AG
company_zanders_feinpapiere_ag = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1829
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_paper_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
    }
}

# Acciaierie di Terni
company_acciaierie_di_terni = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1884
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
        building_iron_mine
        building_railway
    }
}

# Anglo-Sicilian Sulphur Company Ltd.
company_anglo_sicilian_sulphur_company_ltd = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1896
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_sulfur_mine
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_port
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Gio. Ansaldo & C.
company_gio_ansaldo_and_c = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1853
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_artillery_foundries
        building_munition_plants
    }
}

# Barilla
company_barilla = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_farm_wheat.dds"
    # Founded 1877
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_food_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_wheat_farm
    }
}

# Beretta
company_beretta = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1526
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
    }
}

# Breda
company_breda = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1886
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_artillery_foundries
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Campari
company_campari = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1860
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_food_industry
    }
}

# Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico
company_cantieri_riuniti_dell_adriatico = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1908
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# FIAT
company_fiat = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1899
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_turin_automobiles
    }
}

# G. Ricordi & C.
company_g_ricordi_and_c = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1808
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arts_academy
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_vineyard_plantation
    }
}

# Acciaierie d'Italia S.p.A. (Ilva)
company_acciaierie_d_italia_s_p_a_ilva = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1905
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
        building_iron_mine
        building_shipyards
    }
}

# Mantero Serra
company_mantero_serra = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1902
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_silk_plantation
        building_textile_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_cotton_plantation
    }
}

# Montecatini
company_montecatini = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1888
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_synthetics_plants
    }
}

# Olivetti
company_olivetti = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1908
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
}

# Pirelli
company_pirelli = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1872
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_rubber_plantation
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
}

# Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino
company_stabilimento_tecnico_triestino = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1857
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Asahi Glass Company
company_asahi_glass_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1907
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_glassworks
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
        building_lead_mine
    }
}

# Furukawa Zaibatsu
company_furukawa_zaibatsu = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1875
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
}

# Ishikawajima Shipyard
company_ishikawajima_shipyard = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1853
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Japan Steel Works
company_japan_steel_works = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1906
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
        building_iron_mine
        building_arms_industry
    }
}

# Kawasaki Dockyard
company_kawasaki_dockyard = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1896
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Kinkōzan Sōbei
company_kinkozan_sobei = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1645
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_glassworks
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
        building_lead_mine
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_satsuma_ware
    }
}

# Mitsubishi Zaibatsu
company_mitsubishi_zaibatsu = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1870
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_military_shipyards
        building_port
        building_paper_mills
        building_coal_mine
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
        building_chemical_plants
        building_motor_industry
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_washi_paper
    }
}

# Mitsui Zaibatsu
company_mitsui_zaibatsu = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1876
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_trade_center
        building_silk_plantation
        building_lead_mine
        building_port
        building_textile_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_iron_mine
        building_coal_mine
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_tomioka_silk
    }
}

# Nippon Denki Kabushiki
company_nippon_denki_kabushiki = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1899
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
}

# Nippon Kōgaku Kōgyō (Nikk?)
company_nippon_kogaku_kogyo_nikk = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1917
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
}

# Nippon Yusen Kaisha
company_nippon_yusen_kaisha = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1885
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Oji Paper
company_oji_paper = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1873
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_paper_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
    }
}

# Showa Denko
company_showa_denko = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1931
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_synthetics_plants
        building_oil_rig
    }
}

# Minamimanshū Tetsudō
company_minamimanshu_tetsudo = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1906
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
        building_iron_mine
        building_glassworks
        building_food_industry
        building_chemical_plants
    }
}

# Sumitomo Zaibatsu
company_sumitomo_zaibatsu = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1891
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
        building_chemical_plants
        building_electrics_industry
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Toyota Jidō Shokki KK
company_toyota_jido_shokki_kk = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1926
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_textile_mills
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
}

# Toyota Zaibatsu
company_toyota_zaibatsu = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1933
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
        building_motor_industry
        building_textile_mills
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
}

# Yasuda Zaibatsu
company_yasuda_zaibatsu = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1880
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Yawata Steel Works
company_yawata_steel_works = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1901
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
        building_iron_mine
        building_railway
    }
}

# Osmanlı Anonim Elektrik Şirketi
company_osmanl_anonim_elektrik_sirketi = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1911
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Allatini Mills
company_allatini_mills = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_farm_wheat.dds"
    # Founded 1840
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_wheat_farm
        building_rice_farm
        building_food_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_millet_farm
        building_rye_farm
        building_maize_farm
    }
}

# Anatolian Railway Company
company_anatolian_railway_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1888
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_port
    }
}

# Chemins de fer Orientaux
company_chemins_de_fer_orientaux = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1869
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Ottoman American Line
company_ottoman_american_line = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1911
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Osmanlı Bankası
company_osmanl_bankas = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1856
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Müşterek Menfaalı Tütün Rejisi
company_musterek_menfaal_tutun_rejisi = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1884
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_tobacco_plantation
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_opium_plantation
    }
}

# Regie Co‑intéressée des Tabacs
company_regie_cointeressee_des_tabacs = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1884
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_tobacco_plantation
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_opium_plantation
    }
}

# Tersâne‑i Âmire
company_tersanei_amire = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1450s
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_military_shipyards
        building_shipyards
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_arms_industry
        building_munition_plants
    }
}

# Turkish Petroleum Company
company_turkish_petroleum_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1912
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_oil_rig
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Zeytinburnu Foundry
company_zeytinburnu_foundry = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1840s
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
        building_coal_mine
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
}

# Baltic Shipyard
company_baltic_shipyard = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1856
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_military_shipyards
        building_shipyards
    }
}

# Branobel
company_branobel = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1876
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_oil_rig
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_baku_oil
    }
}

# Dobrolyot
company_dobrolyot = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1923
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Fabergé
company_faberge = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1842
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_glassworks
        building_arts_academy
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_furniture_manufacturies
    }
}

# Izhevsk Arms Plant
company_izhevsk_arms_plant = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1807
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_munition_plants
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# Moscow Irrigation Company
company_moscow_irrigation_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1865
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_cotton_plantation
        building_rice_farm
        building_rye_farm
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_wheat_farm
        building_opium_plantation
    }
}

# New Russia Company Ltd.
company_new_russia_company_ltd = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1892
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_coal_mine
        building_iron_mine
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# Obukhov Steel Works
company_obukhov_steel_works = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1863
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_steel_mills
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_military_shipyards
    }
}

# Putilov Works
company_putilov_works = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1868
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_motor_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
}

# Russian Steam Navigation Company (ROPiT)
company_russian_steam_navigation_company_ropit = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1856
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Russian-American Company
company_russian_american_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1799
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
        building_whaling_station
        building_port
        building_trade_center
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_fishing_wharf
        building_coal_mine
        building_gold_mine
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_generic_meat
    }
}

# Russo-Baltic Wagon Works
company_russo_baltic_wagon_works = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1874
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
}

# Savva Morozov & Sons
company_savva_morozov_and_sons = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1823
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_textile_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_cotton_plantation
    }
}

# State Bank of The Russian Empire
company_state_bank_of_the_russian_empire = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1860
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Tula Arms Plant
company_tula_arms_plant = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1712
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_munition_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
}

# PA Smirnov
company_pa_smirnov = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1894
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_food_industry
        building_rye_farm
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_vineyard_plantation
        building_wheat_farm
    }
}

# Armstrong Whitworth
company_armstrong_whitworth = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1897
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_artillery_foundries
        building_military_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_shipyards
        building_motor_industry
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_armstrong_ships
    }
}

# Arthur Guinness Son & Co. Ltd.
company_arthur_guinness_son_and_co_ltd = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_farm_wheat.dds"
    # Founded 1759
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_food_industry
        building_rye_farm
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_wheat_farm
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_generic_groceries
    }
}

# Birmingham Small Arms (BSA)
company_birmingham_small_arms_bsa = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1861
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_munition_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
}

# Bolckow Vaughan & Co.
company_bolckow_vaughan_and_co = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1864
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_coal_mine
        building_iron_mine
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_lead_mine
    }
}

# Cunard Line
company_cunard_line = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1840
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# de Havilland Aircraft
company_de_havilland_aircraft = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1920
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Great Western Railway
company_great_western_railway = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1833
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_port
        building_coal_mine
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Harland & Wolff
company_harland_and_wolff = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1861
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_military_shipyards
        building_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Imperial Chemical Industries
company_imperial_chemical_industries = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1926
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_explosives_factory
        building_synthetics_plants
    }
}

# J&P Coats
company_jandp_coats = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1826
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_textile_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_cotton_plantation
        building_silk_plantation
    }
}

# John Brown & Co.
company_john_brown_and_co = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1851
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_military_shipyards
        building_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Maple & Co.
company_maple_and_co = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1841
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_furniture_manufacturies
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_english_upholstery
    }
}

# P&O Steam Navigation
company_pando_steam_navigation = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1837
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_port
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Rolls‑Royce
company_rollsroyce = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1906
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
}

# Royal Small Arms Factory
company_royal_small_arms_factory = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1816
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_munition_plants
    }
}

# Shell Transport & Trading
company_shell_transport_and_trading = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1897
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_oil_rig
        building_whaling_station
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_port
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Vickers Ltd.
company_vickers_ltd = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1867
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
        building_steel_mills
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_military_shipyards
        building_shipyards
        building_automotive_industry
    }
}

# Webley & Scott
company_webley_and_scott = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1834
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
    }
}

# Anaconda Copper Mining
company_anaconda_copper_mining = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1881
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_lead_mine
        building_iron_mine
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# Armour & Company
company_armour_and_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1867
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_food_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
}

# Bell Telephone Company
company_bell_telephone_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1885
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
}

# Baltimore & Ohio Railroad
company_baltimore_and_ohio_railroad = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1827
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Boeing Airplane Company
company_boeing_airplane_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1916
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Cargill
company_cargill = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_farm_wheat.dds"
    # Founded 1865
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_wheat_farm
        building_rye_farm
        building_millet_farm
        building_maize_farm
        building_rice_farm
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
        building_port
    }
}

# Carnegie Steel Company
company_carnegie_steel_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1874
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_iron_mine
        building_iron_mine
        building_railway
    }
}

# Jones and Laughlin Steel Company
company_jones_and_laughlin_steel_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1852
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_iron_mine
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
    }
}

# Pittsburgh Bessemer Steel Company
company_pittsburgh_bessemer_steel_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1881
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# Illinois Steel Company (Federal Steel)
company_illinois_steel_company_federal_steel = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1889 (1898)
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# National Steel Company
company_national_steel_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1899
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# Weirton Steel Corporation
company_weirton_steel_corporation = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1909
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# National Steel Corporation
company_national_steel_corporation = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1929
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
}

# Caterpillar
company_caterpillar = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1925
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_automotive_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# Colt's Patent Firearms Manufacturing Company
company_colt_s_patent_firearms_manufacturing_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1836
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
    }
}

# DuPont de Nemours, Inc
company_dupont_de_nemours_inc = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1802
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
        building_explosives_factory
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_munition_plants
    }
}

# Ford Motor Company
company_ford_motor_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1903
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
        building_rubber_plantation
    }
}

# General Electric
company_general_electric = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1892
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
    possible_prestige_goods = {
        prestige_good_radiola_radios
    }
}

# General Mills
company_general_mills = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_farm_wheat.dds"
    # Founded 1928
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_food_industry
        building_wheat_farm
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_trade_center
    }
}

# General Motors
company_general_motors = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1908
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
}

# Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company (IBM)
company_computing_tabulating_recording_company_ibm = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1911
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
}

# International Paper
company_international_paper = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1898
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_paper_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Kellogg Company
company_kellogg_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1906
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_food_industry
    }
}

# Lee Wilson & Company
company_lee_wilson_and_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1900
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_wheat_farm
        building_cotton_plantation
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
        building_railway
    }
}

# Pennsylvania Railroad
company_pennsylvania_railroad = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1846
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
    }
}

# Procter & Gamble
company_procter_and_gamble = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1837
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_food_industry
    }
}

# Pullman Company
company_pullman_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1867
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_automotive_industry
    }
}

# Remington Arms
company_remington_arms = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1816
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_arms_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_tooling_workshops
    }
}

# Standard Oil Company
company_standard_oil_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1870
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_oil_rig
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
}

# Swift & Company
company_swift_and_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1878
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_food_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_chemical_plants
    }
}

# United Fruit Company
company_united_fruit_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_plantation.dds"
    # Founded 1899
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_banana_plantation
        building_sugar_plantation
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# United States Steel
company_united_states_steel = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1901
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_steel_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# Westinghouse Electric
company_westinghouse_electric = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1886
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_electrics_industry
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
    }
}

# Weyerhaeuser
company_weyerhaeuser = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1900
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_paper_mills
        building_railway
    }
}

# William Cramp & Sons
company_william_cramp_and_sons = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1825
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_military_shipyards
        building_shipyards
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_motor_industry
        building_artillery_foundries
    }
}

# Hammermill Paper Company
company_hammermill_paper_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1898
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_paper_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
    }
}

# Champion Coated Paper Co.
company_champion_coated_paper_co = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_light.dds"
    # Founded 1893
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_paper_mills
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_logging_camp
    }
}

# Consolidated Edison
company_consolidated_edison = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1884
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_oil_rig
    }
}

# Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E)
company_pacific_gas_and_electric_pgande = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_oil_drills.dds"
    # Founded 1905
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_oil_rig
    }
}

# Commonwealth Edison
company_commonwealth_edison = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1907
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Duke Power (Southern Power Co.)
company_duke_power_southern_power_co = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1905
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# London Power Company
company_london_power_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1925
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# North Eastern Electric Supply (NESCo)
company_north_eastern_electric_supply_nesco = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1889
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# Compagnie Parisienne de Distribution d’Électricité (CPDE)
company_compagnie_parisienne_de_distribution_delectricite_cpde = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1889
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Société Lyonnaise des Forces Motrices du Rhône
company_societe_lyonnaise_des_forces_motrices_du_rhone = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1921
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# RWE (Rheinisch‑Westfälisches Elektrizitätswerk)
company_rwe_rheinischwestfalisches_elektrizitatswerk = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1898
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
    }
}

# PreussenElektra
company_preussenelektra = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_mining.dds"
    # Founded 1927
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_coal_mine
    }
}

# St Petersburg Electric Lighting Company
company_st_petersburg_electric_lighting_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1886
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Moscow Electric Lighting Company
company_moscow_electric_lighting_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_railways.dds"
    # Founded 1897
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_railway
    }
}

# Tokyo Electric Light Company
company_tokyo_electric_light_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1883
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Osaka Electric Light Company
company_osaka_electric_light_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1891
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Edison volta (Società Edison)
company_edison_volta_societa_edison = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1884
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# SADE (Società Adriatica di Elettricità)
company_sade_societa_adriatica_di_elettricita = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_harbor_shipbuilding.dds"
    # Founded 1905
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
    extension_building_types = {
        building_port
    }
}

# Ungarische Allgemeine Elektrizitäts‑Gesellschaft
company_ungarische_allgemeine_elektrizitatsgesellschaft = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1893
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Steirische Wasserkraft‑ u. Elektrizitäts‑Gesellschaft (STEWAG)
company_steirische_wasserkraft_u_elektrizitatsgesellschaft_stewag = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1908
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Ottoman Electric Company
company_ottoman_electric_company = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1910
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

# Société d’Électro‑Ottomane
company_societe_delectroottomane = {
    icon = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/custom_companies_placeholder.dds"
    background = "gfx/interface/icons/company_icons/company_backgrounds/comp_illu_manufacturing_heavy.dds"
    # Founded 1908
    flavored_company = yes
    building_types = {
        building_power_plant
    }
}

